	Scenario: Service1-->Service2-->Service3
1	Is it required to follow Microservice approach for an application always? If Not when to use monolith and when to go for micro services?
2	"In Service1, we have a method called getCustomerOrders. To get the customer order details, service1 has to call service2 and service 2 calls service3.
How does this inter communication happens? Is it Syncronus or Asyncronus?"
3	"Say, we have 3 micro services. Service1, Service2 and Service3. To get response from Service 1, Service one needs service 2,3 to be up and running. But what happens if service3 is down/very slow?
Will you get Exception? How do you handle it?"
4	Now say, all the three services are upand runnung. We have a method called getCustomerOrders. To get the customer order details, service1 has to call service2 and service 2 calls service3. User is calling and response is also coming. But it is very slow. So how will you find out where is the Issue?
5	"What will you do when someone hitting your application in specifc point to temporarity paralyze your application, what would be your approach?
                                     OR
What is Daniel Attack and How to handle it?"
6	What are the different status of Retry model and how they works?
7	As principal says, each micro service should be separate and self-contained service. So each microservices are having separate databases. So how do you handle distributed transaction in multiple databases?
8	How do you handle Security accross Services?
9	What are the design patterns you are following in your project?
10	What is the benefit of Service Registry?
11	What is gateway? When a request comes, how does system identify where to go/ where to route? 
12	"What is bulkHead? How can we configure? 
( Configure concurrent calls )"
13	How to implement Fault Tolerance in Microservices?
14	What is Domain-Driven Design (DDD) and how is it related to microservices?
15	What is the main difference between SOA and the Microservices Architecture?
16	What is a Client certificate? What is its usage?
17	What is the use of containers in Microservices?
